
1. Tell me about your proudest professional achievement. It can also be a personal or school project.

One of my greatest accomplishments is finishing a series of online courses that allowed me better myself as a professional and 
use my newfound knowledge at my workplace. One of the examples is that I took a course in Kafka Streaming that allowed me 
to then implement Kafka Messaging in Cucumber Framework Tests environment That has never been created before by anyone. 
Another course that I took was "Docker and Kubernetes. Practical guide". That allowed me to understand in depth how microservices 
could be deployed to different environments. I then implemented this knowledge in my last project. It was a big success. 
Our employer allowed us to have up to 10% errors when moving data from the old Oracle database to the newarest one, utilizing 
microservices. In reality, the microservices written by me showed only 2 to 3% of errors, and all of them were data based. 

2. Tell me about something you have read recently that you would recommend and why. (Can be a Github Repo,
   Article, Blog, Book, etc.)
   
https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/full/10.1177/0020764020922269

One of the most helpful articles that I have read is “Social isolation in Covid-19: The impact of loneliness”. 
Just like many people I am a social being. I’m used to being around people, working in a team environment and communicating 
face to face on a daily basis. 
When Covid first hit, like many, I struggled with isolation. I didn’t know what to do with myself, and I began to experience 
anxiety and depression. I wasn’t used to not being around people, not being able to talk or share. That’s when I found this 
wonderful article. It gave me a much needed understanding of what I was experiencing. It discussed strategies on coping 
mechanisms, allowed me to understand that life goes on and we have to try and adjust to the new reality to the best out our 
ability. Most importantly it showed me that I was not alone. I read about the different experiences that people all around 
the world were having with Covid isolation and I knew that there was hope. A way to move forward. It gave me strength to learn 
how to do new things, to study new programming approaches, develop new skills. It motivated me to better myself and helped me 
to continue working in this new Covid environment. I am now a better person for it. 


3. How would you explain to your grandmother what Availity does ?

Avality is a service that helps manage healthcare online. There are many doctors and many different insurances in the US. 
Avality connects your doctors with your insurance company. It lets your doctor’s offices check what insurance benefits you have,
what is covered by your plan, and how much you would need to pay for different services. It allows the healthcare providers 
to check your claims, if you owe any money for previous visits, procedures, etc. It lets your doctor know how much you owe 
and what services you were billed for. It also shows if any authorizations are needed (electronic or paper-based documents that 
medical offices have to fill out if a certain service, medication, etc. is needed in case your insurance doesn’t cover it, only 
covers a portion, or the copayment is very high).